Add Breadcrumbs (#6758)
jpmorganchase/salt-ds: site/docs/components/breadcrumbs-next/examples.mdx

Reviewer: we should update the folder to just be breadcrumbs

---
title:
  $ref: ./#/title
layout: DetailComponent
sidebar:
  exclude: true
data:
  $ref: ./#/data
---

## Default

Use the default composition for a concise trail with linked previous levels and a text current level.

### Best practices

- We recommend keeping the number of breadcrumb levels concise to a maximum of four, including the first level if it's displayed. Content is more easily discoverable when navigating a relatively wide and flat information hierarchy within applications. This prevents users from feeling overwhelmed.
- Use breadcrumbs to complement the application's main navigation—never to replace it.

> - Don't show breadcrumbs when there is only one level in a hierarchy.

Reviewer: This is usage guidance

Author: moved

> <LivePreview componentName="breadcrumbs-next" exampleName="Default" />

Reviewer 2: Add a 4th breadcrumb titled ‘Current level’ since Wrapped has 4 breadcrumbs displayed in example. Update the labelling to: 
    * Home > Level 2 > Level 3 > Current level

## Wrapped

> Wrap breadcrumbs when there is a need to keep the breadcrumb trail visible in the app, breadcrumbs can wrap onto subsequent lines. The breadcrumb and its separator should be on the same line.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When the content exceeds the available width, breadcrumbs can wrap onto subsequent lines. The breadcrumb and its separator should be on the same line.
```

Reviewer 2: Something like this could make more sense

Set `wrap` to allow the trail to wrap onto subsequent lines.

> <LivePreview componentName="breadcrumbs-next" exampleName="Wrapped" />

Reviewer 2: Match breadcrumb labels to Default labels - 
    * Home > Level 2 > Level 3 > Current level

## Collapsed breadcrumbs

> Breadcrumbs can be collapsed to save space or hide lower priority levels (e.g. only displaying Home and the current level). The hidden levels can be revealed in 2 different ways:

Reviewer: Is some content missing here? the 2 different ways?

Use an overflow menu when there is not enough horizontal space available, the order of the menu items should match the hierarchy of the levels.

Set `maxItems` to use `BreadcrumbsNext`'s default disclosure collapse mode for this behavior.

<LivePreview
  componentName="breadcrumbs-next"
  exampleName="DisclosureCollapsed"
/>

## Router integration

Use `render` to adapt breadcrumb links to a routing library such as React Router or Next.js. The same renderer is used for visible links and links inside the collapsed disclosure.

> <LivePreview componentName="breadcrumbs-next" exampleName="RouterIntegration" />

Reviewer 2: I notice this is the only example that has different label text - would suggest matching them all to Home > Level 2 etc or using this real-world example wording for all. Let me know what you think @tycup

## Expansion

> Alternatively (if there is sufficient horizontal space), use an use an expansion button to reveal all levels. Showing the levels inline can make the hierarchy of the levels more visible.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Alternatively if there's sufficient horizontal space, use an expansion button to reveal all levels. Showing the levels inline can make the hierarchy of the levels more visible.
```
